{
"title": "Introduction",
"partial_transcript": "Where were you born and where did you grow up?",
"description": "Gayheart discusses childhood and family life in Frankfort, Kentucky.",
"keywords": "Childhood and family background, high school,",
"subjects": "Childhood;family life;Frankfort (Ky.)"
}
{
"title": "The Comittment",
"partial_transcript": "I had friends in so many different circles.  Some going to college",
"description": "Considering a college education in high school and deciding to make the commitment to enter into the military.  Discusses interaction with the recruiter and the decision to enter into the Marines.  Recalls preparation leading up to signing the paperwork.",
"keywords": "College, Enlistment;Marine Corps;Recruiter;USMC",
"subjects": "Education;Higher education;Marines"
}
{
"title": "9/11",
"partial_transcript": "What were you doing on Septermber 11, when the attacks happened inside the United States?",
"description": "Discusses personal impact of September 11 attacks in New York City.  ",
"keywords": "personal impact;September 11, 2001;Terrorism;World Trade Center",
"subjects": "New York (N.Y.)"
}
{
"title": "Bootcamp",
"partial_transcript": "I remember my trip to Parris Island more than I remember my deployment to Afghanistan",
"description": "Details of bootcamp experience, travel to South Carolina, First impressions; drill sergeants; instructors.  Describes the initial experience as \"chaotic.\"    ",
"keywords": "Bootcamp, Parris Island;South Carolina",
"subjects": "Marines"
}
{
"title": "Training and Specialization",
"partial_transcript": "After bootcamp, everybody goes to their specialties. What was your specialty",
"description": "Discusses specialization in electronic communications, field radio operations and satellite communications. ",
"keywords": "Electronic communications;specialization",
"subjects": ""
}
{
"title": "Training and Specialization: Hawaii",
"partial_transcript": "So I actually got to know this guy, and he was a really good guy.  And Hawaii was, I remember getting there, being on the car taking me to bus",
"description": "Discusses additional training in Hawaii, \"Pump\" or six month deployments to Indonesia, Okinawa.  Was not deployed to Afghanistan until three years into the Marines.  ",
"keywords": "1st Battalion 12th Marines;Artillery Battery;Hawaii;Indonesia;Liaison Unit;Okinawa;training, friendships, Marine Corps",
"subjects": "Hawaii;Indonesia;Okinawa Island (Japan)"
}
{
"title": "Deployment to Afghanistan",
"partial_transcript": "You finally get called and told you are going to Afghanistan, what was going through your head when you hung up the phone?",
"description": "Describes getting the call about his deployment to Afghanistan and revealing the news to his parents.",
"keywords": "Asadabad, Afghanistan;Deployment;Forward Operating Base (FOB);Kunar Province",
"subjects": "Afgan War 2001-;Afghanistan"
}
{
"title": "Afghanistan",
"partial_transcript": "So, when you first got to Afghanistan, what were your first impressions?",
"description": "Describes first impressions of Afghanistan in his first week.  Talks about how he had read much about the Soviets in Afghanistan and his awareness of tactics used in that war in the present day.",
"keywords": "Afghanistan;Asadabad, Afghanistan;Forward Operating Base;Forward Operating Base (FOB);Kabul;Kunar Province;Taliban",
"subjects": "Kunar (Afghanistan : Province)"
}
{
"title": "Convoys in Afghanistan",
"partial_transcript": "Being on the road in Afghanistan was the most nervewracking thing I have ever experience in my life",
"description": "Describes convoys and danger and fear involved during those missions.",
"keywords": "convoy;danger;transport",
"subjects": "Afghanistan"
}
{
"title": "Guerilla Warfare",
"partial_transcript": "Even when you are in the hills",
"description": "Gayheart describes tactics utilized by the Taliban in the morning.",
"keywords": "high value targets, Taliban",
"subjects": "Afghanistan"
}
{
"title": "Intelligence reports and working with Afghanis",
"partial_transcript": "We would get these intel reports that its \"blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,\" these different frequencies and we would all enter these into our ECMs in our trucks.  And these frequencies were, in a sense, going to save our lives.",
"description": "Gayheart describes his interactions with local Afghan citizens at the base in A and having difficulties trusting them.",
"keywords": "fear;interpretors;translators;trucks;trust",
"subjects": "Afgan War 2001-"
}
{
"title": "Education",
"partial_transcript": "I had always made my education a priority in the Marine Corps",
"description": "Gayheart talks about taking classes and enriching his education while in the Marine Corps.  Describes studying in between missions on base and the discipline necessary to complete the courses.  Applies the Marine Corps concept of \"Mission Ready\" to his studies.  Describes as \"combat student.\"",
"keywords": "correspondence;distance education;studying",
"subjects": "Education"
}
{
"title": "Transition, Employment and Education",
"partial_transcript": "When I got out, I had planned for months, I had learned about this program that the United States Postal Service was doing in Louisivlle",
"description": "Describes taking his first job after leaving the Marine Corps working for the U.S. Postal Service balancing working third shift and continuing his studies.",
"keywords": "",
"subjects": "Employment--Kentucky;Louisville (Ky.)"
}
{
"title": "Transition Home",
"partial_transcript": "I kinda of kept my experiences to myself",
"description": "a;sldkfjas;df",
"keywords": "transition, education, civilian, home",
"subjects": "Veterans--Education (Higher)--Kentucky"
}
{
"title": "Civilians",
"partial_transcript": "There would be times where someone would ask me, ",
"description": "Describes difficulties during his transition talking to \"civilians\" about his experiences",
"keywords": "civilian;conversation;transition",
"subjects": "Veterans"
}